# Securing-Network-Applications-via-embedded-Security-Model
Network security is a critical issue and a challenge to professional system developers in means of protection against diverse attacks aimed at any resource that is of interest to the attacker. Over the years, with the increasing number of computer systems connected to the global Internet, even the average users must be aware of the external threats and therefore also take some kind of precautions in order to protect themselves from these threats. However, from a businesses or an organization’s point of view, security assessments are of a greater importance and must be acknowledged and valued in order to form the security policies that are associated with an organization or a business. This project deals specifically with network security and barely with data security. It is therefore important to emphasize that security is often considered as an afterthought when providing security for an application. This is generally performed by implementing security as an external part of the application, by securing the information (network data) transmitted by the applications, with general security models and technologies. This is the common approach used today to secure applications. In this project, we aim to provide different available security models, with their soul purposes to secure applications. Model for Network Security:   To implement our proposed network model, we will use Packet Tracer, a network simulation tool for the deployment of network topology. In our model, we will use a secure network model to provide security to the network applications.
